before begin let me start by saying this
movie tries to portray living in
solitude as a psychological struggle but
you ain't gonna convince me they're
being able to ride better naked through
your city on a stolen golf cart where
you blare party man from your Batman
soundtrack on the way as a store where
you can have all the free coca-cola and
twizzles you could ever want without
being arrested could ever be a bad thing
the star of our movie today is the man
who is not such a fool as to hang his
wife from the ceiling by a rope does
never not funny play the store begins
with my ideal version of the world dead
silent okay a bit more dead than silent
I ain't gonna lie two dead bodies could
go I mean you hit one of those in your
golf cart while you naked a glass speed
bump and your dingdong go flying arrow
which way but our story really begins
with this fellow doctor Robert Morgan
who lives in post-apocalyptic America
and doesn't realize the blessing he's
been given I understand some people
think it's sad to find your neighbors
deceased in your driveway but to me
that's just living in my neighborhood
and you can already tell that this man
is a bad by the fact that he takes a
drink of his coffee straight out the pot
no cream no sugar
just caffeinated badness so he turns on
his radio says k-o-k-w calling
i'm on international frequency come in
and he hears yeah this is Will Smith I'm
stuck in a terrible remake of this movie
and dr. Morgan is like ah hell no funk -
the important thing to note here is that
just because the world has ended doesn't
mean that you ain't still got to work a
day job Morgan's job is vampire hunting
because it figures in this sick world
that we live in that your neighbors
could still be a nuisance even after
they're [ __ ] dead I guess you could
say that Morgan has a kind of checklist
that he goes through every day go in to
eat breakfast check make a mental note
is just so damn depressed that you only
see food as fuel and don't even enjoy
eating anymore
check check your garlic reserves because
this movie stereotypes vampires is
hating garlic if I was a vampire I'd be
offended
check look to see where you're supposed
to hunt for vampires next chick carve
out some wooden sticks because this
movie is not only stereotyping but it's
just downright prejudiced if I was a
vampire
I'd sue check clean up the neighborhood
trash check notice that you've got to
get moe gas on your ride home
take a moment to remember that you hate
your life chick watch out for all the
human speed bumps on your way to work
while you wish you and Nick 'add chick
burn the neighborhood trash check pick
up some garlic at the stove I'm still
offended check spent all damn day Wesley
Snipes frontin
sure well that day was depressing as
hell if I was Morgan I need to put on
some jazz and get liquored up - oh Jesus
here come two drunks and this one let's
just call him Earl is like come on
Morgan I know you in there
Morgan open up but this man is a people
person he knows how to deal with nosy
neighbors get the [ __ ] outta here oh and
Paul Morgan just sit there thinking who
well if the world hadn't already ended
I'd have called the Popo on your fall
times already [ __ ] Earl and as he
dozes off the last thing he hears is
Earl's drunk saying I love you Morgan
yeah so the next day Morgan wakes up to
do everything you did yesterday all over
again I swear some people just don't
know how to make the best of a rare
opportunity so to vent some rage he
takes a relaxing tribe to his local
church Morgan if you're upset that you
can't find anyone to talk to you God is
literally like the last person that will
help but Morgan falls asleep and wakes
up in the middle of the night when all
them blood sucking bits are roaming
around quick mode and grab one of the
crosses oh I forgot that's the only
vampire stereotype they didn't leave in
this movie figures so Morgan makes it
home and guess who's waiting for him can
Earl but Morgan knows Earl's weakness
and he's like the ugliness of your old
face compels you look at that ugly face
I'll look at it so Morgan makes it back
in the house and no I'm done the movie
just wanted to make you worry a little
bit well now that all the excitement is
over Mogan can get back to being
depressed and he looks back at all the
family memories that he will never have
again you know because they bit the big
wooden stake oh we've all had this
moment just wanna die you wouldn't feel
that way if you'd gone and gotten
yourself some damn Twizzlers and the
neighbors are still knocking because
noisy people never [ __ ] sleep and
Morgan just sit there praying like dear
God make me a bird so I can fly far far
away from here you know we use right now
a flashback now
want to dwell on this for too long
because the only thing deadly of the
vampires is overly drawn-out backstory
here it bottom line
Morgan had wife and daughter Earl and
Morgan were once best friends the plot
thickens
anyway Morgan had a wife and daughter
Morgan was a scientist working on
killing the disease that turned
everybody into the living dead daughter
get sick daughter goes blind wife wants
to call dr. Morgan says it won't do no
damn good and they'll just take her away
wife calls doctor after daughter passes
away because nobody ever listens to the
smart person
Morgan watches daughter get thrown into
big fire pit Logan gets home wife dies
from disease Mogan Bears wife wife takes
chill death do us part way too damn
seriously and comes back to kill Morgan
and that's why I never get married and
flashback well that was sad as hell but
hey at least Morgan finds his damn dog
and last he has a companion again but
don't get too used to it because if
there's a dog in the movie he's always
gonna go to little doggie heaven always
see what I say dog had the disease and
Morgan had to put him down damn dog
always up and died what the hell's that
a woman well let's just hope she doesn't
have the disease that worked out so well
last time
I mean what do we know about this lady
her name's Ruth okay she can look in
mirrors
camp can stand garlic but I'm still
optimistic no I'm just playing
Morgan tells Ruth that he has a theory
that he was bitten by a vampire bat in
Panama that was carrying a weakened form
of the disease and that's why he can
still order pizza either that or the
universe just wanted to quit him take
your pick uh-huh she is one of them but
somehow she has a serum that kind of
halfway makes her not zombie and she
says it's blood and vaccine that helps
keep the disease from multiplying we've
had it for some time now Morgan says do
you mean we does this mean I can finally
have some friends that don't want to
kill me and she says no actually they
all want you dead because you were
killing half kill people for the last
few years and I'm supposed to keep you
here with this water pistol while they
mosey on over to put you on a spit but
she decide she can't do it because that
would be a lame ending to the movie and
he injects her with his blood and it
kills her at last there's a cure to this
horrible disease it's just too bad that
wherever this
people there are also quantifiable
amounts of dem [ __ ]
so Ruth's people chase smoke into the
church and they turn them into a shish
kebab and as he dies Mogan says you
maniacs god damn you all to hell
duh and be sure to LIKE share and
subscribe for regular fix of meth you
can expect me to upload more videos when
I quit enjoying talking like this for
movies explain for I'm jammed the last
man on earth to die one-handed like that
if he'd have just got naked